Welcome back everyone in this lecture room to give you a brief overview of what to expect for the deep
learning in computer vision section of the course.
So we're going to start off with a high level overview of machine learning.
If you've already taken a machine learning class this is probably going to be some basic review.
Then later on in the section of the course we're going to be performing classification tasks things
like being able to detect whether the hand-written digit is a one or two in a series of images or being
able to detect whether you're seeing a cat or dog because these are classification tasks.
It's a good idea to have a complete understanding of how we can evaluate classification tasks using
classification metrics such as accuracy precision and recall.
So we're going to have a brief overview of how to understand those classification metrics since we're
going to be seeing them later on when we're actually coding out these algorithms then we'll covered
that deep learning basics.
You can just have some fundamental intuition of how deep learning operates and how it's slightly different
than just general machine learning.
After that we'll really start diving into the code will start learning about how to use the care a steep
learning library.
Then we'll do an overview of the dataset that is a very famous handwritten dataset that is used as a
benchmark for deep learning of images that we'll learn about convolutional neural network theory and
then we'll actually implement a convolutional neural network with the Cure's Python library on the data
set.
Now this data set is a very common data set and it's actually formatted very nicely inside of the current
library.
But in the real world you're going to have to deal with your own images such as JPEG files or PNB files
that are not as easily accessible which is why a big focus of this section in the second half is going
to be applying those deep learning ideas especially for emir's classification or your own custom image
files.
So we'll show you how to download a large set of real images.
It's going to be dogs and cats of all different file sizes different formats and we're can understand
how we can work with the built in tools of cars in order to generate data images from those image files
and then apply the learning to them then we'll end the section with an overview of understanding the
YOLO network which stands for you only look once.
It's one of the more complex networks we're going to see in this section and that will show you how
to use Python in order to apply YOLO to your own images.
OK let's get started.